Studio: working with kubernetes added (#735)
abpio/abp-commercial-docs: en/studio/kubernetes.md

# ABP Studio: Working with Kubernetes

You can use the *Kubernetes* panel to manage your application(s) in a Kubernetes cluster. This panel is specifically designed for microservice projects, so you don't have to run all your microservice projects in the local environment. Instead, deploy them in a Kubernetes cluster and debug one or more projects locally. However, you can still use this panel for monolithic projects as well. Access it by clicking the *Kubernetes* button in the *ABP Studio* sidebar.

![kubernetes-panel](./images/kubernetes/kubernetes.png)

> > Pre-set configurations are added when you create a project; check the *Kubernetes Configuration* in the *Additional Options* step. The project structure might vary based on your selection. For example, an MVC microservice project looks like the following. You can add or remove the charts as you wish.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Pre-set configurations are added when you create a project; check the *Kubernetes Configuration* in the *Additional Options* step. The project structure might vary based on your selection. For example, an MVC microservice project looks like the one above. You can add or remove the charts as you wish.
```

![connect](./images/kubernetes/connect.png)

While connected, changing the current profile is not possible. Existing application services in the *Kubernetes* tab become visible when connected. To *Disconnect* you can click the *Chain* icon.

![connected](./images/kubernetes/connected.png)

When you are connecting to a Kubernetes cluster, it automatically installs the WireGuard VPN to the Kubernetes cluster for a safe connection. You can specify the *wireGuardPassword* in the *Kubernetes Profile* -> *Secrets* tab or at a higher level such as *Solution Secrets* or *Global Secrets*. If you don't provide a password, it generates a random password and stores it in the *Kubernetes Profile* -> *Secrets*. However, if you try to connect to a cluster that already installed WireGuard VPN, then you should give the same password; otherwise, it won't connect. To see the random password, you can click the *eye* icon in the *Kubernetes Profile* -> *Secrets* tab.

![wireGuardPassword](./images/kubernetes/wireGuardPassword.png)

> Since we're using the WireGuard VPN to connect to the Kubernetes cluster, we automatically append the Kubernetes services to your [hosts](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hosts_(file)) file. This enables seamless access to services, including [ClusterIP](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/service/#type-clusterip) types, using the specified *Kubernetes Service* names. For example, in this scenario, connecting to the SQL Server can be done with the server name `bookstore-local-sqlserver` via tools like [SSMS](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/ssms/sql-server-management-studio-ssms). The default `sa` password for the SQL server is set to `myPassw@rd`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since we're using the WireGuard VPN to connect to the Kubernetes cluster, we automatically append the Kubernetes services to your [hosts](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hosts_(file)) file. This enables seamless access to services, including [ClusterIP](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/service/#type-clusterip) types, using the specified *Kubernetes Service* names. For example, in this scenario, connecting to the SQL Server can be done with the server name `bookstore-local-sqlserver` via tools like [SQL Server Management Studio (SSMS)](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/ssms/sql-server-management-studio-ssms). The default `sa` password for the SQL server is set to `myPassw@rd`.
```
